Our sign in wrote Handler is now looking pretty good, so let's do a very quick test of it.
I'm going to flip back over to Postman.
I'm going to change my route right here to sign up.
So from this point on, we do need to make sure that we have some email and password combinations that
we can actually remember because we need to sign up and then sign in with the same email and password.
So I'm going to put in an email, my personal favorite, which is test, test and a password of simply
password.
Well, then go ahead and send that.
And.
All right, I have my account.
I'll now change my route up here to sign in.
And I'm going to send in a request with the same exact email and password.
Awesome.
So I got back the user that I am now signed in as and in theory we should have also gotten back a brand
new cookie right here when we signed in.
We can also test on the invalid cases as well, even though we really already did that.
So for example, I could put in an empty password.
Nope.
Doesn't work.
I could put in a valid password, but one that does not match my existing one.
So if I send that in, I get invalid credentials.
That looks good.
I can also try to enter in an email that doesn't actually exist.
So email of test one at test and I get the same invalid credentials.
Okay.
So I'd say that looks pretty good.
Well, we've got sign in all complete and sign up all complete.
Still have a little bit to do around authentication.
Now, as a reminder, as we're going through this stuff, we're going to be putting it all together
more quickly and more quickly.
So we're going to go through the create or semi, the current user, a route handler to figure out whether
or not someone has signed in.
And we're also going to put together a log out handler as well.
And both those are going to be put together pretty darn quickly.
So quick pause right here and we'll continue in just a minute.